idle-crafting: make choice of crafting job dependent on linked stockpiles. (#1300)
DFHack/scripts: docs/idle-crafting.rst

this way.

When a workshop is designated for idle crafting, this tool will create crafting
jobs and assign them to idle dwarves who have a need for crafting objects. This

> script respects the setting for permitted general work orders from the "Workers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
script respects the setting for permitted general work order labors from the "Workers"
```

Reviewer: not to be confused with the "General work orders allowed" setting from the "Work orders" tab
